Group Members: Jeremiah Bill, Tom Anderson, Andreas Georgiadis 
CSC 210 Web Application
Name: UR Market
Target Audience: College students and faculty 

Problem intended to solve:
The UR market application is solving the problem of students and faculty trying to sell their belongings locally on campus. The UR market app will allow users to create a seller profile, create one or multiple listings of items they are looking to get rid of or sell. Each profile will include a name, contact information (phone number, school email, possibly place the user lives on/off campus), photo of the users, graduation year, seller rating based on customers or number of items sold using the UR Market app. The item listing will consist of a picture or a gallery of pictures of the product, product description, product condition, category (electronics, dorm supplies, textbook, clothes, school supplies, etc.), asking price (price can be negotiated between customer and seller, negotiations are not public i.e. (bidding system)), date item was posted. Listings will be able to be shared via email and quick link. Users may show interest in a post by toggling a "save for later button" which takes the listing and adds it to a list of items the user would like to view another time or attend to at a later date. When a user wants to purchase an item they may contact the seller by email or phone, but the application also supports an integrated messaging system where prices may be negotiated, customers can ask questions and meeting location and payment method can be discussed between seller and customer. The main page of the application will show a feed of items posted by other users of the application, users will then be able to sort by price, and date posted or randomly generate listings. Even further users will be allowed to filter their search by category as well. The main page will also show a glimpse of the user’s profile. With links to view, edit, delete or log out of their profile. Ultimately, this application gives University students and faculty the ability to have an easily accessible, user friendly way of selling items on campus as opposed to using other services which take a percentage of your earnings from the product you sold. No waiting for funds to transfer, payment methods can range from cash, check, Chase quick pay, PayPal etc. Meetings can be arranged on campus and products can be transferred from seller to customer within a short amount of time.

Minimum Requirements: 
•Users are able to create a seller profile which will store their photo, contact information, name, and graduation year
•Profiles will be able to be viewed in a page explicitly dedicated to their profile where they can  edited, deleted  and update any information at any time, even delete their account. All done without reloading the page. (Ajax)
•Once users have a profile they are given the opportunity to create listings for products they would like to sell with a picture or gallery of pictures of the product, product description, product condition, category(electronics, dorm supplies, textbook, clothes, school supplies, etc.) , asking price(price can be negotiated between customer and seller, negotiations are not public i.e.(bidding system)). This listing will be able to be edited, deleted and updated by the user at any time and after the product has been sold the listing will be deleted. 

What makes UR market so special?
Aside from the minimum requirements UR Market allows students and faculty alike to few a feed of items sold by other members of the University's community in a way in which they can easily contact sellers without having to worry about shipping times and fees. While from the sellers’ perspective they have a simplistic way in which they can post a listing, sell their item quickly, communicate with customers and not have to worry about shipping the product away. Which allows the exchange to be more personal while fees and waiting are cut from the process. 


